Fixes #8620 - Update 7.3-preview.2 release notes (#8655)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md

- Fix a casting error when using `$PSNativeCommandUseErrorActionPreference` (#15993)
- Make the native command error handling optionally honor `ErrorActionPreference` (#15897)
- Specify the executable path as `TargetObject` for non-zero exit code ErrorRecord (#16108) (Thanks

Tab completion improvements

- Fix tab completion within the script block specified for the `ValidateScriptAttribute`. (#14550)
  (Thanks @MartinGC94!)
- Added tab completion for loop labels after Break/Continue (#16438) (Thanks @MartinGC94!)

Updated cmdlets

- Add `-HttpVersion` parameter to web cmdlets (#15853) (Thanks @hayhay27!)
- Add support to web cmdlets for open-ended input tags (#16193) (Thanks @farmerau!)
- Fix `ConvertTo-Json -Depth` to allow 100 at maximum (#16197) (Thanks @KevRitchie!)
  @rkeithhill!)
- Invoke-Command: improve handling of variables with `$using`: expression (#16113) (Thanks @dwtaber!)
- Add -StrictMode to Invoke-Command to allow specifying strict mode when invoking command locally
- Add `clean` block to script block as a peer to `begin`, `process`, and `end` to allow easy
  resource cleanup (#15177)
  (#16545) (Thanks @Thomas-Yu!)

> - Add support for OpenSSH options for PSRP over SSH commands (#12802) (Thanks @BrannenGH!)

Reviewer: Attempting to remove the double "for" here; I _think_ this still captures what was changed. Not sure if "PSRP over SSH commands" should be expanded to the full list or not, leaning towards not.
```suggestion
- Add `-Options` to the PSRP over SSH commands to allow passing OpenSSH options directly (#12802) (Thanks @BrannenGH!)
```
